it happened at the mall what what
happened at the mall talking about she
just wanted a balloon which balloon
would you like Jason ah the red one
this looks really realistic
the graphics are crazy on that'll be two
dollars sir Jason wait for me wait for
your dad son it's really crowded in here
you better grab your son's hand or
something oh let's check the back pocket
it's where you keep wallets right in the
back pocket should I be a smooth
criminal and just take off this guy has
no money if this was a West one he'd
have to do the dishes
oh we had another back pocket I didn't
Wow wow that took a really long time it
is impossible to try on a pair of shoes
with this crowd
uh-oh where's Jason he was here a second
ago I bought him a balloon I turn around
he just disappeared uh-oh
disappeared what do you mean disappeared
stay here I'll go get him I'll be right
back she sounds like she wants a divorce
right now how could you lose sight of
your seat this guy's starting to look
like a bad father they didn't give me an
option to hold his hand he's just crazy
did he go in one of these stores is he
in this store Jason okay I'm not gonna
check any more stores Jason just doesn't
seem like he would be in one of those
stores but stays what else can we do
where else can we go escalators
and this kid is long gone I don't see
anybody
there's nobody in oh wait oh oh what is
this whoa this isn't a Jew cake ham this
isn't a killcam this is a panic cam what
the decoy balloons why are there decoy
all witasick I get it was a boy here we
go
she's hair is that him there we go
Oh what the a decoy kid he even has the
same shirt and everything what is going
there goes another balloon let's go
let's go then could you please move out
of the way
is there a shove button how do I shove
these noobs out of the way what does
this no more balloon what's this shit
shit you should be mad is that oh yeah
that's him that's him
yeah oh that's not good that's not good
that was a new rules at all form no stop
stop stop the car what how do you not
see us oh my goodness Wow Oh woman
driver how did she not see us crossing
the street
this is a sad game they even got the sad
piano music played
this is crazy Wow heavy rain is crazy
what is that a bat actually might have
been a butterfly don't even know is that
a let's say that's a wolf that's a wolf
right it looks like a wolf a wolf's head
and that is crab faces what the is not
faces a crab
what is that shadow death blood I don't
know that's not really any of those I
don't think Ethan
give me the first idea that pops into
your head okay well I guess I'll just go
with blood blood blood spraying through
water lunch running through water huh
oh look at that look that is fancy look
at those windows are all psychiatrists
this fancy this is nice I have the
results of your MRI scans everything
seems to be normal
there is no physical damage from the
accident however I am worried about your
psychological condition I know it's not
easy but you've got to start over Ethan
you're not responsible for what happened
it's my fault Jason is dead
it'd still be alive I've been looking
out for him it was an accident accidents
happen every day
you can't blame yourself forever for
your son's death
what is that remote for just gonna watch
cable
oh no he's watching hey stop messing
around or I'll never be able to film you
I'll turn that off why would you do that
why would you watch that they're playing
that sad piano music again this is a sad
game
you were lucky Ethan it's very rare to
survive such a traumatic accident that's
strong
I don't exactly feel lucky doctor that's
true
like it was yesterday
think about is you
got to say